---
layout: meetings
title: "Biweekly"
date: 2019-11-22 02:18:45 -0700
categories: 
---
## AGENDA

### Updates

- Graduate student progress on How-Tos
    - How-tos will be own repository on lib-static org
- Tutorial skeletons
    - will be own repository (maybe) in collectionbuilder.github.io
    - students will be jumping in first to collectionbuilder-gh to flesh out the docs for that
        - will work on curriculum as well
        - make little videos, etc. 
        - tbd, basically
- Video tutorial parameters and tool options
    - We will try screencast o matic and see what we think
    - Probably go with monthly team deluxe version
    - might need a youtube account for these?
    - once we have this, Jylisa will set some parameters for basic version
- Hiring a developer
    - job up today for a week
- Other updates
    - budget on track but need to be on top of it.

 
### Next steps (topics for this meeting and potentially future meetings)
- Piloting CB with Latah County Historical Society
- Establishing a community of practice with collaborators

What do we want this to look like?

How will we use the money for collaborator visits and collaborator contracts?
- Identifying an institution that serves a diverse community
    - still in development with possiblities to work with CLIR/DLF and the Murkurtu team to better organically id a partner

### Lib-STATIC
    - Front --> CoP, Methodology, Projects (outputs), Tools
    - In development projects and possibly broken out recipes tbd
    - link out to research and articles / Scholarship / minicomp, etc. 

### CODE
    - Evan did a lot of cleanup and added a number of docs
    - Devin added one metadata one for cpd stuff
    - Should ask partners to be collaborators on 
    - in future, will set up new repository for each org's metadata and add branch for each collection
        - then set up a branch for gh-pages that just has site files there

### Future Partners - 
    - Devin getting together list of Idaho CONTENTdms
    - When to contact?
    - Road Trip for Orbis?
    - Multiple collections ... 

## WORK: 

- jylisa setting up parameters for video
- will be reviewing how-tos as they go up
    - in doing so, start drafting a style guide for libstatic
- check on job posting
- evan setting up repositories on libstatic and cb for tutorials and how-tos
- Devin finalizing quarterly report and drafting email to send 
- group will finalize the partner agreement and send out after next biweekly meeting
- Lib-STATIC site taking input from advisory board members and then deploying towards end of year
- create default collectionbuilder image with text of link on it
- Evan will set up analytics for cb.github.io 
