---
layout: meetings
title: "Sprint Meeting October 2"
date: 2019-10-02 12:18:45 -0700
categories: 
---
Proposal Responsibilities were discussed:

- Olivia is taking lead on tracking proposals coming up
- Evan working on Code4Lib Workshop revision
- Olivia on Code4Lib talk and DH 2020 -- both workshop and talk
- Devin -- GlobalDH, DH + Lib short essay proposal

DLF Tasks that need doing:

- Workshop
    - 10 metadata csv - Olivia
    - framing started; need to flesh out - <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lxVZNPXDwZilwOMhnRiUTpNey2PM4WAXZaMrwtJuOnI/edit?usp=sharing> - devin
    - de-branding and repositioning cdm template - evan
    - email Aliya for list of participants - devin
    - make psychiana representative list - olivia
- Web/Github Work
    - pages for each type - devin
    - SA + CDM release: 1.0 - Evan
    - Lib-STATIC page update - Devin
    - Collaborate with us form/call! - devin
- Presentation - Olivia will start slides
    - static web the last few year
    - IMLS grant
    - collaborate with us!!!!
    - (do you know a developer?)
    - Why do this? Lib-STATIC? CONTENTdm not customizable in many ways
    - workflow for us, demo collections
    - Build a collection (on Jekyll without internet) - psychiana from workshop
- Documentation
    - will address tomorrow


